Changelog 1.13 (#1281)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2023/10/path-bug-fix.md

---
title: Device Agent path bug fix

> date: 2023-10-26 90:00:00.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2023-10-26
```

authors: ["marian-demme"]
tags:
    - changelog
---

> Resolved a Device Agent bug that prevented the PATH environment variable from being passed to Node-RED instances, hindering the installation of nodes like node-red-serial-port when assigned to an application. For more details, see [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/FlowFuse/device-agent/issues/185).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Device Agent now passes the PATH environment variable to the Node-RED instances. Erroneously, the agent didn't capture it to expose to Node-RED again for usage. This prevented some nodes from being installed, like `node-red-serial-port` when assigned to an application. For more details, see [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/FlowFuse/device-agent/issues/185).
```

The first sentence isn't a sentence. Should start with "We" or something instead. Or what I suggested.
